iOS READMEs - Maps (#852)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Maps/Show magnifier/README.md

# Show magnifier

Tap and hold on a map to show a magnifier.

![Image of show magnifier](show-magnifier.png)

## Use case

> Due to the limited screen size of some mobile devices, it may be difficult to identify individual features on a map where there is a high density of information, or the scale is very small. This can be the case when a mobile device is used for navigation, and the user wishes to magnify a particular area to better identify a road intersection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the limited screen size of some mobile devices, it may be difficult to identify individual features on a map where there is a high density of information or the scale is very small. This can be the case when a mobile device is used for navigation and the user wishes to magnify a particular area to better identify a road intersection.
```

## How to use the sample

Tap and hold on the map to show a magnifier, then drag across the map to move the magnifier. You can also pan the map while holding the magnifier, by dragging the magnifier to the edge of the map.

## How it works

> 1. Create a new `AGSMapView`, and add an `AGSMap` to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new `AGSMapView` object and assign an `AGSMap` object to the `map` property.
```

> 2. Enable the magnifier by setting `AGSMapView.interactionOptions.isMagnifierEnabled` to `true`. This will set the magnifier to be shown on the map when the user performs a long press gesture. Note: The default value is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable the magnifier by setting the `isMagnifierEnabled` property of the map view's  `interactionOptions` to `true`. This will set the magnifier to be shown on the map when the user performs a long press gesture. Note: The default value is `true`.
```

> 3. Optionally, set `AGSMapView.interactionOptions.allowMagnifierToPan` to `true` to allow the map to be panned automatically when the magnifier gets near the edge of the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Optionally, set the `allowMagnifierToPan` property of the map view's `interactionOptions` to `true` to allow the map to be panned automatically when the magnifier gets near the edge of the map.
```

## Relevant API

* AGSMap
* AGSMapView
* AGSMapViewInteractionOptions

## Additional information

> This sample only works on a device with a touch screen. The magnifier will not appear via a mouse click.

Reviewer: I think this section should probably removed as it doesn't seem to apply to iOS.
